[Security Center] Brand Protection API (#23798)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/security-center/brand-protection.mdx

2. Select a monitored query to inspect all the domains that matched your query.
3. Next to the domain, select **Domain** or **URL**. This will trigger a search on the [**Investigate**](/security-center/investigate/) section in a separate tab. URL scanner will also be triggered from **Brand Protection** through **Security Center** > **Investigate**. You will also have access to a report which will be generated automatically. The report will display screenshots of the matched domain, and the registrar of your domain.

## Brand Protection API

> [Brand Protection API](https://developers.cloudflare.com/api/resources/brand_protection/) allows you to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Brand Protection API](/api/resources/brand_protection/) allows you to:
```

> - Create new strings or logo queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create new strings or logo queries.
```
Nit: I don't think these sentences need a period/full stop.
